userinterfaces/HomePage.java
 userinterfaces.HomePage
questions/transversal/AnItemSuccessfullyAddedToTheShoppingCartModalAppears.java
 questions.transversal.AnItemSuccessfullyAddedToTheShoppingCartModalAppears
userinterfaces/loginpage/LoginPage.java
 userinterfaces.loginpage.LoginPage
interactions/NavigateThroughMenu.java
 interactions.NavigateThroughMenu
questions/checkout/TheItemIsNoLongerOnTheCheckout.java
 questions.checkout.TheItemIsNoLongerOnTheCheckout
model/entities/HeaderMenuEnum.java
 model.entities.HeaderMenuEnum
userinterfaces/global/ShoppingCartMiniMenu.java
 userinterfaces.global.ShoppingCartMiniMenu
userinterfaces/product/ProductSumaryPage.java
 userinterfaces.product.ProductSumaryPage
tasks/purchaseproduct/AddItemToTheShoppingCartFromMiniature.java
 tasks.purchaseproduct.AddItemToTheShoppingCartFromMiniature
userinterfaces/StoreHomeHeader.java
 userinterfaces.StoreHomeHeader
userinterfaces/shoppingcart/CheckoutInformationPage.java
 userinterfaces.shoppingcart.CheckoutInformationPage
interactions/TapTheButton.java
 interactions.TapTheButton
exceptions/TheElementNotVisibleError.java
 exceptions.TheElementNotVisibleError
questions/transversal/ElementsAppearOnScreen.java
 questions.transversal.ElementsAppearOnScreen
tasks/logintotheaccount/FillTheLoginForm.java
 tasks.logintotheaccount.FillTheLoginForm
userinterfaces/global/AutomationPracticeHeader.java
 userinterfaces.global.AutomationPracticeHeader
tasks/purchaseproduct/AddItemToTheShoppingCartFromPrevisualization.java
 tasks.purchaseproduct.AddItemToTheShoppingCartFromPrevisualization
userinterfaces/useraccountpage/UserAccountPage.java
 userinterfaces.useraccountpage.UserAccountPage
model/entities/CheckoutInformationData.java
 model.entities.CheckoutInformationData
userinterfaces/shoppingcart/ItemAddedToShopingCartReward.java
 userinterfaces.shoppingcart.ItemAddedToShopingCartReward
userinterfaces/shoppingcart/AddressInformationConfirmationPage.java
 userinterfaces.shoppingcart.AddressInformationConfirmationPage
tasks/purchaseproduct/NavigateToTheCheckoutScreen.java
 tasks.purchaseproduct.NavigateToTheCheckoutScreen
model/entities/login/AuthenticationData.java
 model.entities.login.AuthenticationData
tasks/purchaseproduct/ConfirmShipping.java
 tasks.purchaseproduct.ConfirmShipping
model/entities/ErrorMessagesEnum.java
 model.entities.ErrorMessagesEnum
questions/transversal/AnErrorToastAppears.java
 questions.transversal.AnErrorToastAppears
model/entities/ManageCheckoutItemOptionsEnum.java
 model.entities.ManageCheckoutItemOptionsEnum
userinterfaces/shoppingcart/ConfirmPurchasePage.java
 userinterfaces.shoppingcart.ConfirmPurchasePage
userinterfaces/shoppingcart/ShippingInformationPage.java
 userinterfaces.shoppingcart.ShippingInformationPage
tasks/purchaseproduct/ManageItemFromCheckoutScreen.java
 tasks.purchaseproduct.ManageItemFromCheckoutScreen
tasks/purchaseproduct/ConfirmTheTransaction.java
 tasks.purchaseproduct.ConfirmTheTransaction
questions/logintothaccount/ItWasRedirectedToTheUserAccountScreen.java
 questions.logintothaccount.ItWasRedirectedToTheUserAccountScreen
tasks/purchaseproduct/ConfirmAddress.java
 tasks.purchaseproduct.ConfirmAddress
tasks/purchaseproduct/ConfirmOrder.java
 tasks.purchaseproduct.ConfirmOrder
tasks/purchaseproduct/ProceedToCheckout.java
 tasks.purchaseproduct.ProceedToCheckout
tasks/purchaseproduct/SelectsThePaymentMethod.java
 tasks.purchaseproduct.SelectsThePaymentMethod
userinterfaces/shoppingcart/SelectPaymentMethodPage.java
 userinterfaces.shoppingcart.SelectPaymentMethodPage
userinterfaces/shoppingcart/SuccessfulPurchasePage.java
 userinterfaces.shoppingcart.SuccessfulPurchasePage
questions/checkout/ItWasRedirectedToTheSuccessfulPaymentScreen.java
 questions.checkout.ItWasRedirectedToTheSuccessfulPaymentScreen
